docs: initial start of the maintainership docs under the bounty program (#1894)
asyncapi/community: docs/maintainership-guide/overview/what-is-asyncapi-maintainership.md

The main goal of the maintainership program is to foster knowledge transfer, skills, and experience from existing maintainers to contributors. This not only helps contributors grow into maintainers but also ensures the long-term sustainability and health of the AsyncAPI initiative.

At AsyncAPI, the Maintainership Program serves as a practical framework for teaching, upskilling, and empowering contributors — creating meaningful growth for mentees and lasting impact for mentors.

To ensure a smooth and supportive experience for everyone involved, we prioritize a healthy, human-centered approach to open source. Some of the measures we take to support both contributors and mentors include:

- Minimizing stress and pressure throughout the program
- Encouraging participants to ask for help without hesitation
- Fostering regular and open communication
- Sharing stories, challenges, and personal experiences
- Aligning expectations early on
- Offering flexible timelines and deadlines
- Promoting self-care and mental well-being

> Beyond technical skills, the program provides a realistic view into what it means to maintain an open source project, the rewarding moments as well as the tough ones, and equips contributors with ways to navigate both the technical and emotional aspects of open source work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond technical skills, the program offers a realistic perspective on what it means to maintain an open-source project, encompassing both the rewarding and challenging aspects. It equips contributors with the skills to navigate the technical and emotional aspects of open-source work.
```

- Sharing stories, challenges, and personal experiences
- Aligning expectations early on
- Offering flexible timelines and deadlines
- Promoting self-care and mental well-being

Beyond technical skills, the program offers a realistic perspective on what it means to maintain an open-source project, encompassing both the rewarding and challenging aspects. It equips contributors with the skills to navigate the technical and emotional aspects of open-source work.

## Why the Maintainership Program Matters?

At AsyncAPI, giving back to the community is more than a value; it’s part of our identity as a community-first open source initiative. The Maintainership Program was born from our desire to support the very contributors who have helped make AsyncAPI successful. It's a way of investing in people, nurturing their growth, and ensuring they’re equipped to make a lasting impact in the open source ecosystem.

With over 50 projects and more than 2,000 active contributors, the demand for project maintenance continues to grow, and yet the number of maintainers remains relatively small. This imbalance makes it difficult to manage contributions efficiently and sustainably.

> The Maintainership Program provides a structured pathway for bridging that gap. By pairing experienced maintainers with active contributors over a defined period, the program offers mentorship, support, and hands-on experience — all with the goal of developing new maintainers who can help guide the initiative forward. It's a long-term investment in the health, scalability, and future of the AsyncAPI ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maintainership Program provides a structured pathway for bridging that gap. By pairing experienced maintainers with active contributors over a defined period, the program offers mentorship, support, and hands-on experience, all with the goal of developing new maintainers who can help guide the initiative forward. It's a long-term investment in the health, scalability, and future of the AsyncAPI ecosystem.
```
